README.md, before:

# workoutapp

The goal for this project was for me to get more familiar with creating a Mongo database with a Mongoose schema and handle routes with Express. 
 
## Motivation

Practice MongoDB, Mongooose schema, handle routes, Node express, CSS, JavaSrcipt, Vanilla JavaScript, jQuery, and learn more about these backend languages.  Also learn how to build an application from the backend to the front-end to make it a fully functional application.


## User Story

* As a user, I want to be able to view create and track daily workouts. I want to be able to log multiple exercises in a workout on a given day. I should also be able to track the name, type, weight, sets, reps, and duration of exercise. If the exercise is a cardio exercise, I should be able to track my distance traveled.


## How to use? 

When the user loads the page, they should be given the option to create a new workout, or continue with their last workout.

The user should be able to:

  * Add exercises to a previous workout plan.

  * Add new exercises to a new workout plan.

  * View multiple the combined weight of multiple exercises on the `stats` page.


## Issues and future development

Currently the application works.  Would like to make some changes to the readme file, add a short video and some snapshot images.


## Technologies Implemented

HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, Vanilla JavaScript, jQuery, Node express, MongoDB, Mongoose  

## heroku

https://fast-beach-05660.herokuapp.com/


## Credits

--Richard Tshabalala

Commit message:

added service worker and manifest for PWA, updated readme file, PWA doesn't work yet

README.md, after:

# workoutapp

The goal for this project was for me to get more familiar with creating a Mongo database with a Mongoose schema and handle routes with Express. I am also adding PWA, progessive web application.  This is a type of application software delivered through the web, built using common web technologies including HTML, CSS and JavaScript. It is intended to work on any platform that uses a standards-compliant browser. Functionality includes working offline, push notifications, and device hardware access, enabling creating user experiences similar to native applications on desktop and mobile devices. Since a progressive web app is a type of webpage or website known as a web application, there is no requirement for developers or users to install the web apps via digital distribution systems like Apple App Store or Google Play.    <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progressive_web_application"> PWA</a>
 
## Motivation

Practice MongoDB, Mongooose schema, handle routes, Node express, CSS, JavaSrcipt, Vanilla JavaScript, jQuery, and learn more about these backend languages.  Also learn how to build an application from the backend to the front-end to make it a fully functional application.


## User Story

* As a user, I want to be able to view create and track daily workouts. I want to be able to log multiple exercises in a workout on a given day. I should also be able to track the name, type, weight, sets, reps, and duration of exercise. If the exercise is a cardio exercise, I should be able to track my distance traveled.


## How to use? 

When the user loads the page, they should be given the option to create a new workout, or continue with their last workout.

The user should be able to:

  * Add exercises to a previous workout plan.

  * Add new exercises to a new workout plan.

  * View multiple the combined weight of multiple exercises on the `stats` page.


## Issues and future development

Currently the application works.  Would like to make some changes to the readme file, add a short video and some snapshot images.


## Technologies Implemented

HTML 5, CSS, JavaScript, Vanilla JavaScript, jQuery, Node express, MongoDB, Mongoose, PWA  

## heroku

https://fast-beach-05660.herokuapp.com/


## Credits

--Richard Tshabalala
